hello friends here I leave you some small
tricks and homemade recipes to make
grow hair faster and that you
they will leave the hair deeply nourished
healthy and bright many women are
They ask how this bitch grows
hair so fast what will be your secret
make hair grow quickly is
possible if we get a hair
healthy and nourished from the root there
numerous commercial products very
members who use the same
basic ingredients that are available
with the preparation of ancient remedies
homemade to grow hair here
is a list with recipes and tricks
home to accelerate the growth of
hair 1 olive oil apply
on the hair olive oil all
the weeks for 30 minutes and then
wash the normal with warm water 2 aloe and
honey to grow hair
quickly remove the pulp to several
sales of aloe mix it with honey and
apply it to the scalp let
act for 20 minutes and wash
usually
onion for a healthy hair itch a
onion and add it to the shampoo leave
rest for 15 days and use the shampoo
usually not only accelerates the
hair growth but it gives you
a spectacular shine 4 Aloe Vera and
Onion prepare a shampoo with bits
small of aloe and onion to wash
the hair 2 to 3 times a week for
enhance the use effect
rosemary or avocado conditioner for
moisturize the hair 5 potato water
When you cook potatoes, save the water
used and that same day use the to
rinse your hair 6 pills
contraceptives to grow the
very fast hair buy a box of
contraceptive pills of any
brand or any type take from 10 to 15
pills from the box and put them in a
plastic bag and carefully crush
until they become a powder
gather all the powder and add it to the
shampoo bottle that you normally use
mix well and let it rest so
less one day now use that shampoo with
the normal frequency
rosemary oil in a bowl put
half a cup of olive oil and two
spoonfuls of dried rosemary heat it in
the microwave for 2 minutes leave
rest two or three days strain and
save it using this preparation for
get massaged on the scalp
after shampoo 8 tomato oil
olive and aloe for a generous hair
another remedy to grow the
hair uses a liquefied tomato with a
trickle of warm olive oil
It is placed on the whole root of the leather
scalp and let it rest for the most
possible time if to this mixture you
you add aloe the result will be still
better 9 the moon to grow the
faster hair cut just the
tips every month in 'fourth' day
growing ' the cut will give strength to
hair and the effects of the moon especially
the bodies will favor growth in
the next period 10 nutrition for
the hair an egg a trickle of
olive oil 2 tablespoons of honey
apply to the scalp while
Massage firmly cover the head with
a towel
now and wash 11 other recipe normally
homemade with onion for the hair itch
half red onion 4 cloves of garlic and 2
Cinnamon splinters boil all in one
cook for 15 minutes and rinse
hair with this infusion for four
days in a row 12 no palos ávila for
Nourish the hair deeply cut
several stalks of nopal or aloe in
pieces and leave them in water all
night so they release the drool using the
resulting as a rinse for the hair
leaving it as long as possible
13 hair creams apply a cream
or moisturizing gel to shape the
hair instead of oils because
exposing themselves to the sun of the day are activated with
the heat and split the hair
14 other home remedy with oil
Olive for hair growth to take
a teaspoon of olive oil
accompanied by a glass of milk to
cut the taste of oil 15 oil
Grape seed rub the scalp
with grape seed oil leave
act for a while and then wash ideal
to apply as a complement to another
trick to grow
16 rosemary water a daily rinse with
rosemary water will grow hair
quickly with these tricks you can
also show a healthy and shiny hair
I hope these recipes will help you
wait soon my other videos with more
information on menthol properties
pantene treatments say goodbye to acne
Youngest skin hair loss in 20
minutes eye makeup growth
of eyelashes treatments ejaculation or
you can look for them in my biography of
facebook writes you boy voice many
blessings for all